Yusei, voice-over:
YOU BEAT ME ONCE JACK,
BUT I LEARNED MY LESSON...
Jack: YOU'LL NEVER
WIN THIS DUEL YUSEI!
Yusei: YOU SURE
ARE SURE OF YOURSELF.
JUST SURE... THAT I'M
GOING TO BEAT YOU!
YUSEI... BRING IT ON!
YOU GOT IT JACK!
JUNK WARRIOR SEND'EM
TO THE SCRAP HEAP!
[GROWL]
Yusei: WHAT'S THAT?!
IT'S MY TRAP:
SHADOW SPELL!
AND WITH IT I'M GOING
TO FINALLY PUT AN
END TO YOUR
UNBEATEN STREAK YUSEI!
NOW MAD ARCHFIEND,
ATTACK!
UH!
HOW DID I LET THAT
HAPPEN?!
UH!
[GASPS]
DID HE... JUST LOSE?!
Jack: HE DID.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHY
OUR FRIEND JUST LOST?
BECAUSE HIS DECK
HAS NO BALANCE.
AND WITHOUT BALANCE.
ONE CANNOT BE A
COMPLETE DUELIST.
BUT YOU KNOW THAT
ALREADY DON'T YOU YUSEI!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4 KIDS PRODUCTIONS
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Jack, voice-over: AHH,
NOW THIS IS THE VIEW
THAT I WAS ALWAYS
MEANT TO HAVE,
EVEN IF I DID HAVE TO DOUBLE
CROSS A FEW FRIENDS TO GET IT.
HMMPH, AND TO THINK THAT IT
WAS ONLY A FEW YEARS AGO THAT
I WAS LIVING AMONGST
THE LOSERS AND GARBAGE
OF THE SATELLITE.
WELL I'M GLAD THAT
NIGHTMARE IS OVER...
HMM. STARDUST DRAGON...
I WONDER IF YUSEI
STILL MISSES YOU?
Goodwin:
QUITE THE VIEW
ISN'T IT JACK?
STILL THINKING
ABOUT YOUR DAYS
IN THE SATELLITE?
IM DONE THINKING ABOUT
THAT DUMP GOODWIN.
THAT'S GOOD JACK.
BECAUSE DWELLING
IN THE PAST CAN
SOMETIMES COST YOU
YOUR FUTURE.
AND WE'VE WORKED TOO
HARD TO LET THAT HAPPEN.
NOW SHOULDN'T YOU BE
FOCUSING ON YOUR
MATCH THIS EVENING...
HMM.
I'M PLENTY FOCUSED GOODWIN.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT
ME DWELLING ON THE PAST.
CAUSE IF I HAD MY WAY,
THE SATELLITE WOULD'VE BEEN
DESTROYED YEARS AGO!
I UNDERSTAND HOW YOU FEEL.
BUT THE SATELLITE PLAYS A
VALUABLE ROLE IN OUR SOCIETY.
EVERYONE HAS BEEN GIVEN A
ROLE IN LIFE; THOSE FROM
THE SATELLITE EXIST SO THAT
THE CHOSEN MAY PROSPER.
THEY KEEP OUR CITY FUNCTIONING
BY RECYCLING WHAT
THE CHOSEN DISCARD.
WITHOUT THE SATELLITE,
NEW DOMINO CITY COULD
NOT EXIST.
GLAMOROUS A ROLE IT IS NOT,
BUT A NECESSARY ONE
FOR EVERYONE'S SURVIVAL.
BUT YOU KNOW THAT
ALREADY DON'T YOU JACK?
HOW SILLY OF ME TO GIVE A
HISTORY LESSON TO SOMEONE WHO
EXPERIENCED IT FIRST HAND.
NOW LEAVE YOUR MEMORIES OF
THAT PLACE WHERE THEY BELONG.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
MAKE NEW ONES!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT WHAT IF MY PAST
COMES LOOKING
FOR ME...
AH.
AH!
YUSEI!
THAT'S YOUR BEST TIME YET!
YOU THINK IT'S GONNA BE FAST
ENOUGH TO GET YOU TO NEW
DOMINO CITY?
IT BETTER BE.
I JUST KNOW IT'S GONNA WORK!
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
TIME ME AGAIN.
Goodwin: JACK YOU'RE A PART
OF NEW DOMINO CITY NOW,
AND THE ONLY
LINK YOU HAVE TO THE
SATELLITE IS YUSEI FUDO.
AND YOU CAN REST
ASSURED...
THAT WE'RE TAKING
EVERY PRECAUTION
TO KEEP
THAT LINK BURIED.
Tank: OKAY NERVIN, YOUR TURN.
Nervin: I'M THINKIN'
A CHEESEBURGER
WITH BACON AND EXTRA
ONION RINGS!
OOOOOOOOH!
DON'T FORGET DA FRENCH
FRIES AND AN EXTRA
THICK MILKSHAKE!
GOOD ONE!
OR LEMONADE!
Tank: MMMMMMM!
BUT NOTHING BEATS DIPPING
HOT FRENCH FRIES INTO A COLD
CHOCOLATE SHAKE.
IT REALLY BRINGS
OUT THE FLAVOR.
OH, I CAN DREAM
ABOUT IT.
SO GUYS... YA THINK
WE'LL EVER TASTE A REAL
CHEESEBU... OOOOOAAAAHH!
TANK!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
I FELL.
ON THE CONTRARY... IT'S
ACTUALLY CALLED A TRIP.
HEH.
IT LOOKS LIKE HE
SCUFFED UP YOUR
SHOE REAL BAD!
WHATTA YA TINK HE
SHOULD DO ABOUT IT?
HEE HEE HEE HA!
HOW 'BOUT HE BUYS ME A BRAND
NEW PAIR A' KICKS AND WE
CALL IT EVEN!
I WEAR A SIZE ELEVEN.
YOU'LL GET NUTHIN'
GOT THAT?!
UNLESS YOU WANT A BRUISE TO
MATCH THAT MARK ON YOUR FACE?
IT'D BE AN IMPROVEMENT!
I'LL SHOW YOU AN
IMPROVEMENT!
GUYS - LITTLE HELP...
ALL BETTER!
OH REALLY?
THEN CAN YOU PLEASE
EXPLAIN TO ME
WHY IT STILL
HURTS SO MUCH?!
I THOUGHT THAT YOU KNEW
WHAT YOU WERE DOING
RALLY!
YEAH AND I GUESS I
DID TOO
WHEN I STOOD
UP AGAINST THAT BULLY.
BOY WAS I WRONG; I MEAN
THEY JUST RAN OVER US.
Nervin: I KNOW!
I DIDN'T EVEN GET
A CHANCE
TO GET IN
THE FETAL POSITION.
Tank: AND NOW I GOTTA BUY SOME
NEW SHOES FOR THAT GUY!
GUYS COME ON!
LIGHTEN UP!
YUSEI MAXED OUT
HIS DUEL RUNNER!
Blitz: YEAH?
LIKE HOW MAXED OUT?!
ENOUGH TO GET OUTTA HERE.
HA! YOU SHOULDA SEEN HIM
AND HIS RUNNER SPEEDIN'
THROUGH THE TUNNELS!
IT WAS LIKE VROOM!
THEN WHISH!
THEN SCHROOOM!
YUSEI, ARE YOU GONNA
GO FOR IT TONIGHT?
YOU GONNA TRY AND GET TO
DOMINO CITY?
HMM.
UH... DOES ANYBODY ASIDE
FROM ME HAVE A BAD FEELING
ABOUT ALL THIS?
I DO, BUT THAT'S
NOT REALLY SAYING
MUCH 'CAUSE I ALWAYS
GOT A BAD FEELING ABOUT
EVERYTHING.
HE-YEAH... BUT DON'T WORRY
GUYS, BECAUSE I GOT IT ALL
PLANNED OUT - I THINK.
HUH?
Trudge: CAPTAIN,
I KNOW YOU'RE LESS THAN
HAPPY ABOUT YUSEI GETTING
AWAY... BUT IS THIS NEW
PURSUIT DECK REALLY NECESSARY?
CAUSE I DON'T NEED ANY HELP
CATCHING THAT SATELLITE!
WELL JUDGING FROM
YOUR LAST DUEL WITH HIM
I BEG TO DIFFER.
NOW LISTEN UP, IF I HAD
MY WAY YOU WOULD HAVE
BEEN HANDING
OUT PARKING TICKETS
UNTIL YOU RETIRE
AND THIS SPECIAL
PURSUIT DECK WOULD'VE GONE TO
SOMEONE WHO GOES BY THE BOOK!
BUT APPARENTLY MR. JACK
ATLAS THINKS YOU DESERVE
A SECOND CHANCE.
AND WHEN JACK ATLAS SAYS
"DO SOMETHING," I DO IT.
SO WHAT ARE MY ORDERS?
FIND YUSEI AND HIS DUEL
RUNNER AND BRING THEM IN.
THERE ARE SOME VERY POWERFUL
PEOPLE THAT WANT HIM OFF
THE STREETS PERMANENTLY!
UNDERSTOOD CAPTAIN.
AND JUST YOU REMEMBER
THERE ARE NO THIRD CHANCES
WITH MR. ATLAS!
AM I MAKING MYSELF PERFECTLY
CLEAR, OFFICER TRUDGE?
YES SIR.
HE MAY HAVE CAUGHT ME
OFF GUARD
IN OUR LAST DUEL
BUT NEXT TIME I'LL BE
READY...
AND WILL HE EVER BE
SURPRISED!
THANK YOU SIR - YOU
WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.
WHEN YOU LOCK ONTO
THE CHIP'S HOMING
SIGNAL LET ME KNOW!
SO WHAT'S THIS PLAN YOU
THINK MIGHT WORK YUSEI?
OH IT'S GONNA
WORK TANK!
WELL I HOPE
YOU'RE RIGHT RALLY!
CAUSE IF EVERYTHING FALLS
INTO PLACE... STARDUST
DRAGON WILL
BE MINE AGAIN AND WE'LL ALL
BE ONE STEP CLOSER TO LEAVING
THE SATELLITE.
Blitz: YUSE ARE
YA SURE THAT CARD
IS WORTH THE RISK?
I MEAN... YOU REALLY THINK
THAT CARD'S GONNA MAKE
A DIFFERENCE?
Tank: OF COURSE IT
WILL - DON'T YOU
REMEMBER THE FEELING WHEN YOU
FIRST SAW IT IN ACTION?
CAUSE I'LL NEVER FORGET IT!
SEEING THE DUEL RUNNER YUSEI
BUILT FROM SPARE PARTS FROM
THE RECYCLING
CENTER WAS AMAZING.
AND THEN WHEN YUSE STARTED IT
UP AND SHOWED US WHAT IT COULD
DO, IT WAS LIKE A WHOLE
NEW WORLD OPENED UP.
Nervin: YEAH,
AND THEN WHEN HE
SUMMONED HIS STARDUST
DRAGON, I COULDN'T BELIEVE MY
EYES OR EARS - I MEAN YOU WERE
SCREAMING AT THE TOP
OF YOUR LUNGS BLITZ.
Blitz: THAT'S RIGHT.
I LOST MY VOICE FOR A WEEK
AFTER ALL THAT HOLLERIN'.
TOO BAD JACK TOOK
AWAY OUR DREAMS.
WELL, YUSEI'S ABOUT
TO GET THEM BACK!
CAUSE WITH THIS NEW
RUNNER!
JACK DOESN'T
STAND A CHANCE!
Tank: YEAH!
WHAT ARE WE WAITIN' FOR?!
Yusei: MIDNIGHT TONIGHT.
HUH?
Nervin: WHY?
WHAT'S AT MIDNIGHT?
Yusei: THE TINIEST OF
OPPORTUNITIES.
CHECK THIS OUT, GUYS.
SEE - THE ONLY WAY
BETWEEN THE SATELLITE
AND NEW DOMINO CITY
IS THIS SEWER PIPELINE HERE.
PROBLEM IS, THEY FLOOD IT
WITH TRASH 24 HOURS A DAY
7 DAYS A WEEK.
BUT, ONCE A MONTH AT MIDNIGHT,
THEY SHUT THE SYSTEM DOWN TO
CHECK THE COMPRESSOR PUMPS.
THEN A MAINTENANCE HATCH
IS AUTOMATICALLY OPENED
AND THAT'S WHEN I'LL GET MY
CHANCE TO MAKE IT THROUGH.
A "SEWER?..."
THAT SOUNDS... A
BIT UNHYGIENIC!
THE ODORS AND FUMES
ALONE...
Lenny: REMIND US OF YOU.
Larry: HA HA HA HA!
Lug: YEAH, YOU STINK
LIKE THE GARBAGE
YOU RECYCLE!
HOW'S THE HEALIN' GOIN?
HA HA HA!
HEY YOU WITH THE HAIR!
YOU THINK YOU'RE
A TOUGH GUY!
CAUSE I'LL SHOW
YOU WHAT TOUGH IS!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S A PRETTY SWEET
RUNNER YOU GOT THERE.
HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT FOR IT?
THE RUNNER'S NOT FOR
SALE SO BEAT IT!
WELL IF IT'S NOT FOR SALE
HOW 'BOUT YOU GIVE IT TO ME
INSTEAD OF THE SHOES
WE'RE HERE TO COLLECT.
DHAT SOUNDS LIKE A
PRETTY SWEET DEAL TO ME.
HA HA HA!
OR WOULD YOU PREFER I GO TOP
SIDE AND TELL SECTOR SECURITY
THAT YOU'RE HIDING AN ILLEGAL
DUEL RUNNER DOWN HERE?!
WHY DON'T
WE DUEL FOR IT?!
HEH - DUEL ME?
YOU MIGHT AS WELL JUST
HAND IT OVER TO ME NOW.
'SPECIALLY IF YOU DUEL LIKE
YOUR BUDDIES HERE FIGHT.
[LAUGHTER]
WELL HOW DO THESE
STAKES SOUND -
I WIN AND THAT RUNNER'S MINE,
YOU WIN AND WE
LEAVE YOU ALONE!
SO?...
DON'T DO DUEL'EM YUSEI!
Nervin: HE'S JUST A BULLY!
Yusei: AND BULLIES NEVER LEARN,
UNLESS YOU STAND UP TO THEM.
BUT WHAT IF YA LOSE TO
EM YUSE?...
Computer:
DISENGAGING DUEL DISK.
WE'LL BE FINE BLITZ.
HUH. I THINK I'LL
CHANGE THE COLOR...
DON'T DO IT YUSE!
PLEASE!
THIS RUNNER IS THE KEY TO
OUR......OUR......
FUTURE.
THAT'S WHY I
HAVE TO DO THIS.
WELL YOUR FUTURE'S
COMING WITH ME.
SO YA BETTER START MAKIN
NEW PLANS FOR TOMORROW!
HA HA HA!
Yusei and Lenny:
LET'S DUEL!
Yusei: YOUR MOVE!
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET MY
HANDS ON THAT RUNNER!
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON CHAINSAW
INSECT IN ATTACK MODE!
AAH!
I'VE SEEN BIG
BUGS DOWN HERE, BUT
NUTHIN' THAT BIG!
IT IS QUITE THE
ARTHROPOD ISN'T IT?
YES IT IS, AND NEXT I'M
PLAYIN' THE SPELL RETRIBUTION
OF THE ANT LION!
I ALWAYS KNEW THAT THERE
WERE BUGS DOWN HERE IN THESE
TUNNELS, BUT YA GOTTA TRUST
ME WHEN I SAY THAT YOU GUYS
HAVEN'T SEEN ANYTHING YET.
Computer: RETRIBUTION
OF THE ANT LION
IS A SPELL CARD THAT DEALS 800
POINTS OF DAMAGE TO THE
CONTROLLER WHEN HIS MONSTER
IS DESTROYED.
UH OH, YUSE
DON'T LIKE BUGS!
YEAH EVER SINCE THAT ROACH
NESTED IN HIS EAR HE FREEZES
UP IF YOU JUST SAY
THE WORD INSECT.
I SURE HOPE THIS DOESN'T
THROW HIM OFF HIS GAME.
COME'ON YUSE!
YOU CAN DO THIS!
SCARED OF CREEPY
CRAWLIES HUH?!
WELL THEN THIS DUEL - WILL
HAVE YOU COMING FACE TO FACE
WITH YOUR WORST FEARS!
YOU GOT HIM SHAKIN'
IN HIS BOOTS BOSS!
HA HA HA!
NOT FOR LONG THOUGH.
CAUSE I'M SUMMONING!
MY SHIELD WARRIOR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Yusei: AND NEXT, I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
HA! YOU REALLY
ARE AFRAID.
LOOKS LIKE YOU FORGOT
HOW TO ATTACK?
I BET HE DON'T EVEN
FINISH THE DUEL!
HEE HEE HEE!
Lenny: WELL THERE'S ONLY
ONE WAY TO FIND OUT!
I SUMMON PINCH
HOPPER IN ATTACK MODE!
I SEE THE FEAR IN YOUR EYES
AND IT'S ONLY GONNA GET WORSE -
'CAUSE BY SENDIN' A CARD TO
MY GRAVEYARD I CAN PLAY
INSECT COSTUME!
AND ADD A SCARIER
INSECT TO MY HAND!
YEAH!
THIS NEXT PART, YOU SHOULD
ENJOY 'CAUSE NOW I HAVE TO
DESTROY MY PINCH HOPPER.
BUT IF HE DESTROYS
A MONSTER?!
THEN WON'T HIS LIFE
POINTS TAKE A HIT!
AAH!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED, DID I,
DID I JUST ATTACK MYSELF?
I THINK "BUG BOY" FORGOT THAT
HE STILL HAD HIS ANT LION
SPELL ON THE FIELD!
HUH?
OH YEAH - THAT WAS ALL
PART OF MY PLAN!
CAUSE YOU SEE BY GETTING'
RID OF MY PINCH HOPPER.
I CAN DO THIS!
I ACTIVATE ITS SPECIAL
ABILITY AND CALL OUT
A CREEPIER INSECT TO THE FIELD
TO TAKE ITS PLACE LIKE MY
POWERFUL METAL ARMORED BUG!
Lenny: WHEN SECTOR
SECURITY DUMPED ME HERE
IN THE SATELLITE I
THOUGHT I'D SPEND THE REST
OF MY LIFE SIFTING THROUGH THE
TRASH, BUT YOUR RUNNER'S
GONNA GET ME OUTTA THIS DUMP
AND BACK TO WHERE I BELONG!
I THINK IT'S
FEEDIN TIME FOR
YOUR BUGS BOSS!
HEE HEE HEE!
WHOA!
YUSE, TRY IMAGININ' THAT THAT
BUG'S A SOFT CUDDLY KITTEN!
WELL BLITZ, ITS GOING
TO TAKE QUITE THE
IMAGINATION
CONSIDERING
KITTENS DON'T
HAVE CLAWS LIKE THAT.
WELL HIS IMAGINATION MUST BE
GOOD IF HE THINKS HE'LL WIN!
AND AFTER THIS NEXT MOVE YOUR
PAL'S GONNA WISH HE NEVER
CHALLENGED ME!
I SPECIAL SUMMON DOOM DOZER!!
I BET YOUR WORLD'S SPINNIN
ROUND AND ROUND RIGHT NOW
ISN'T IT AND IT'S ONLY
GONNA MORE OUT OF CONTROL!
CHAINSAW INSECT, IT'S
TIME TO ATTACK!
Yusei: NOT SO FAST,
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
AND THANKS TO
MY TRAP CARD,
YOUR INSECT'S ATTACK IS
REPELLED AND MY
WARRIOR'S SAFE!
UNFORTUNATELY, I'M ONLY
ALLOWED TO USE THIS
TRAP CARD
ONCE PER ROUND.
HA!
SINCE YOUR BUG TRAP'S ALL
USED UP LET'S SEE HOW YOU SAVE
YOURSELF THIS TIME!
METAL ARMORED BUG, ATTACK!
TAKE OUT HIS SHIELD WARRIOR!
[GASPS]
SO ARE YOU FINISHED?
OH SO NOW YOU'RE A TOUGH GUY?!
WELL MY SPELL RETRIBUTION OF
THE ANT LION'S GONNA SOFTEN
YOU RIGHT UP!
UH! UH!
AND NOW DOOM DOZER'S GONNA
SHOCK YOU INTO SUBMISSION!
YUSEI!
Lenny: DOOM DOZER ATTACK!
OH NO!
YUSE MUST BE TOO
SCARED TO FIGHT BACK!
D'EM BUGS ARE
GONNA SQUASH HIM!
HEE HEE HEE!
Yusei: IF I'M GONNA STOP
THOSE INSECTS I GOTTA TRUST
IN THE POWER OF MY CARDS!
COME ON! ARE YOU
EVER GONNA ATTACK?!
HOW'S THIS FOR AN ANSWER?
I SUMMON OUT...
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND WITH IT I'LL PLAY THE
SPELL DOUBLE SUMMON WHICH
MEANS YOUR BUGS ARE ABOUT
TO FIND THEMSELVES IN DOUBLE
THE TROUBLE CAUSE NOW I CAN
SUMMON OUT ANOTHER MONSTER
TO THE FIELD.
BUT GANGING UP, IS SOMETHING
YOU BULLIES KNOW ALL ABOUT,
NOW ISN'T IT!
THAT RUNNER, IS STAYING PUT!
AND JUNK SYNCHRON'S GONNA
HELP MAKE SURE OF IT!
YAY!
LET'S GO YUSEI!
Yusei: NOW WITH
JUNK SYNCHRON AND SPEED
WARRIOR FINALLY ON MY
FIELD, I CAN SYNCHRO
SUMMON JUNK WARRIOR!
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
OH NO?!
WITH THAT KIND OF POWER MY
INSECTS DON'T STAND A CHANCE!
DON'T WORRY BOSS,
HE'S STILL AFRAID,
JUST THROW SOME
MORE'A YA BUGS
HIS WAY!
HEE HEE HA HA!
I'M NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING
WHEN MY FIGHTING SPIRIT EQUIP
SPELL CARD IS IN PLAY!
SEE FOR EACH MONSTER THAT YOU
HAVE ON THE FIELD... MY JUNK
WARRIOR GAINS 300
ATTACK POINTS!
I KNEW YUSE
COULD DO IT.
NOW IT'S TIME TO
EXTERMINATE
THEM INSECTS!
AND SAVE YOUR RUNNER!
OH NO!
WITH ALL THOSE ATTACK POINTS
MY BUGS ARE GONNA BE STOMPED
BY THAT THING!
HE CAN'T TAKE'EM
ALL OUT BOSS!
Yusei: N' I DON'T HAVE TO
ONCE I PLAY DOMINO EFFECT!
Computer: WITH THE SPELL
CARD DOMINO EFFECT
FOR EVERY CARD ON YOUR
FIELD THAT YOU SEND TO
THE GRAVEYARD ONE OF YOUR
OPPONENT'S MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED.
AW MAN!
BUT I WAS SO FAR AHEAD!
JUNK WARRIOR, SEND HIS
CHAINSAW INSECT TO
THE SCRAP HEAP!
AH!
AND NOW......
HUH?
BY SENDING TWO CARDS
TO MY GRAVEYARD, DOMINO
EFFECT ACTIVATES!
YOUR BUGS - ARE
ABOUT TO FALL!
HUH?
Yusei: YOU AND YOUR
BUDDIES CAME DOWN HERE
LOOKING TO INTIMIDATE US,
THREATEN US AND PUSH US
AROUND...
WELL NEXT TIME
YOU MIGHT WANNA
THINK TWICE BEFORE
MESSING WITH ME AND
MY PALS CAUSE WE'RE GONNA
STAND BY EACH OTHER THROUGH
THICK AND THIN!
YEAH!
YOU TELL THAT DOMINO CITY CAST
OFF THAT HE BETTER WATCH HIS
STEP THE NEXT TIME
HE COMES DOWN HERE!
CAUSE WE AREN'T GONNA
STAND FOR ANY MORE OF HIS
BULLYING TACTICS!
YOU FOUGHT A GOOD DUEL
BUT MY RUNNER'S
STAYING PUT
JUST LIKE YOU.
SEE WITH YOUR RETRIBUTION
ANT LION SPELL CARD
STILL IN PLAY,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE FOR EACH
MONSTER MY DOMINO EFFECT
TOOK DOWN.
HA HA!
YUSEI WON!
HE WON!
MAN... I WAS SO CLOSE
TO WINNING THAT RUNNER?!
Yusei: YOU HAD ME ON THE
ROPES THERE FOR AWHILE
AND I WASN'T SURE
HOW I WAS GONNA GET
THROUGH THE DUEL.
BUT AN OLD FRIEND
ONCE TOLD ME
THAT WHEN YOUR BACK'S
AGAINST THE WALL
AND IT FEELS LIKE
THERE'S NO WAY OUT AS
LONG AS
YOU TRUST IN THE POWER OF
YOUR DECK YOU CAN FIND A WAY
OUT OF ANY SITUATION...
YUSEI,
YOU HAVE TO LEARN TO RELY
ON YOUR ENTIRE DECK.
DON'T YOU SEE THAT YOU COULD
HAVE BEATEN ME TODAY IF YOU
ONLY BELIEVED IN THE STRENGTH
OF EVERY CARD YOU DUEL WITH?
BELIEVE AND YOU WILL
FEEL THEIR POWER.
THAT DAY - A VERY VALUABLE
LESSON WAS TAUGHT TO ME.
A LESSON - THAT
I'LL NEVER FORGET.
AND IT'S THE BELIEF
I HAVE IN THE POWER
OF MY CARDS
THAT GAVE ME
THE STRENGTH TO
WIN THIS DUEL.
MAN, I THOUGHT THAT
RUNNER WAS MINE.
YUSEI... MAYBE ME AND YOU
- CAN BE FRIENDS SOMEDAY.
NEXT TIME WE DUEL TOPSIDE.
BUT NO BUGS OK?
Goodwin: JACK.
BRAVO.
YOU DUELED WELL TONIGHT.
AND YUSEI?
ARE THINGS GOING
ACCORDING TO PLAN?
YES, SECTOR SECURITY HAS
INFORMED ME THAT WE HAVE
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
Yusei, voice-over:
LOOK OUT JACK,
I'M COMIN' TO
TAKE BACK WHAT'S MINE!